Produced by:
Kennesaw State University Realities Lab

Faculty:
Dr. Joy Li
Dr. Yan Huang

Student Developers:
John Murphy
Connor McClelland
Andre Bryan

Logan Thompson
Chase Randalow
Grant Reeder
Johnathan Lee

Samuel Ayeni
Rahman Nafiu
Kawika Hodge
Guadalupe Ramirez

Phillip Yniguez

Kylie Nowokunski
Neil Weingarten
Tyler Crawford
JaDante Hendrick

Krystale Williams
Ian Skoonberg
Antonio Brewer
Kalil Masters
Michael Leung
Aiden Gohlke
Sam Deason
Scott Halbert
Jaeleon Merrill

Asset Accreditation:

Audio:

Deep Voice AI, AIKodex,
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/generative-ai/deepvoice-ai-text-to-voice-251738

Lofi Jazz Organ Loop 95 BPM, holizna, 
https://freesound.org/people/holizna/sounds/629154/

80s Loop #5, danlucaz, 
https://freesound.org/people/danlucaz/sounds/515367/

Loop_InterstellarHero_01, LittleRobotSoundFactory, 
https://freesound.org/people/LittleRobotSoundFactory/sounds/323959/

Groove Music, Lemoncreme, 
https://freesound.org/people/Lemoncreme/sounds/203099/

Game-Music-01, Michael-DB, 
https://freesound.org/people/Michael-DB/sounds/489035/ 

fireball-cast-1, LiamG_SFX, 
https://freesound.org/people/LiamG_SFX/sounds/334234/

Skybox:

AllSkyFree, rpgwhitelock, 
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/textures-materials/sky/allsky-free-10-sky-skybox-set-146014

StarFieldSkybox, PULSAR BYTES, 
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/textures-materials/sky/starfield-skybox-92717

Textures:

BlackVariant, JohnFarmer, 
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/gui/keyboard-keys-mouse-sprites-225232

Models and NPC's:

CyberPunk Interior, GYP Studios, 
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/sci-fi/cyberpunk-interior-low-poly-216244

Low Poly Nature, cjames, 
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/props/low-poly-nature-mega-pack-138039

PolygonCity, Synty Studios, 
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/urban/polygon-city-low-poly-3d-art-by-synty-95214

PolygonScifiCity, Synty Studios, 
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/sci-fi/polygon-sci-fi-city-low-poly-3d-art-by-synty-115950

PolygonKnights, Synty Studios, 
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/fantasy/polygon-knights-low-poly-3d-art-by-synty-83694

PolygonSciFiSpace, Synty Studios, 
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/sci-fi/polygon-sci-fi-space-low-poly-3d-art-by-synty-138857 

PolygonAdventure, Synty Studios, 
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/fantasy/polygon-adventure-low-poly-3d-art-by-synty-80585

polygonShops, Synty Studios, 
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/urban/polygon-shops-pack-low-poly-3d-art-by-synty-199026

PolygonPirates, Synty Studios,
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/historic/polygon-pirates-low-poly-3d-art-by-synty-92579

SimpleShopInteriors, Synty Studios, 
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/props/interior/simple-shop-interiors-cartoon-assets-38029

VirusPack_01, Linder Media, 
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/props/low-poly-virus-pack-01-164864

Shaders: 

Toony Colors Pro 2, Jean Moreno,
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/vfx/shaders/toony-colors-pro-2-8105
